At this point of the course,
we covered all essentials and core features
you must know about GitHub Actions,
and you are therefore,
able to build your own GitHub Action workflows.
However, one important topic is still missing,
and that would be the topic of security or permissions
And security, which is exactly what
this course section is about now.
In this course section,
we'll explore how you can secure your workflows,
and which kind of things should be
on your agenda when it comes to securing your workflows,
which kind of problems you should think of.
And we'll also explore how you can configure
and manage permissions for your workflows.
We're going to explore a feature called GitHub tokens,
and learn how you can set just the right permissions
for your workflows.
And we'll explore how you can manage permissions
for working with third party platforms or sites,
because sometimes workflows must reach out
to other websites or services,
and managing those permissions securely
is another topic you should be aware of
and you should be able to do.